docs: Add Git best practices and microagents documentation (#9335)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: .openhands/microagents/repo.md

IMPORTANT: Before making any changes to the codebase, ALWAYS run `make install-pre-commit-hooks` to ensure pre-commit hooks are properly installed.

## Git Best Practices

> - Always use specific `git add <filename>` instead of `git add .` to avoid accidentally staging unintended files

Author: ```suggestion
- Prefer specific `git add <filename>` instead of `git add .` to avoid accidentally staging unintended files
```
